I called REMOVEDHeating and Air Today, a lead REMOVEDoperated by RB Brands. 3 of my AC units had died and we scheduled a repair person to come. Right after getting off of the phone the rest of the homes power went off and it became apparent it was an electrical, not HVAC issue. I immediately (3 minutes to be exact per phone log) called to let them know and that we wouldnt need a technician. The technician arrived anyways and I told them what happened and why we wouldnt need their services. A minute later they rang the bell again and handed my pregnant wife the phone with the individual from RB Brands on the line who began screaming at her, yelling obscenities and so on. I took the phone, told him we already cancelled immediately after and offered to show my phone log, he continued yelling obscenities and calling us names so I handed them back the phone and closed the door. The individual from RB Brands then began harassing me via text to my personal phone. Exact words in the texts were you fREMOVEDpiece of sREMOVED, you low life, mother looks like my aREMOVEDamongst others.
Business Response
Date: 08/07/2025

RB Brands is in receipt of the above-referenced customers complaint and appreciates the opportunity to respond. REMOVEDComplaint involves a call he made to Heating and REMOVEDseeking a service provider to repair his air conditioners, and the unprofessional actions of the service provider that contacted him. Please be assured that RB Brands takes these allegations and this matter seriously and seeks to provide a pleasant experience for all individuals it helps connect to service providers, even though after that connection is made RB Brands does not have control over the relationship between the customer and the service provider. Nevertheless, upon receipt of this Complaint, RB Brands immediately undertook an investigation and determined that the call made by Mr. REMOVEDwas transferred to another party who connected Mr. REMOVEDwith Air-Tak Air Conditioning & Heat in REMOVED. After the initial call was transferred, no RB Brands personnel had any further contact with Mr. REMOVEDhas reviewed the text messages provided by Mr. REMOVEDand agrees they are rude, unprofessional, and not in accordance with how RB Brands conducts business. Once the offending business was identified that sent the text messages, both RB Brands and the entity that ultimately transferred the call to Air-Tak Air Conditioning & Heat have put flags on that businesss name to prevent any further transfers of calls to that entity.

RB Brands sincerely regrets any inconvenience this issue may have caused.