Most relevant
Newest
Highest rating
Lowest rating
Melissa Kany
Local Guide·18 reviews·12 photos
8 months ago
Jack and his co-worker are hard-working and have impeccable customer service. They did an amazing job on my front yard installation of grass. They are very informative and kind. Jack also responds quickly to any questions via text. Thank you, Jack.
Photo 1 in review by Melissa Kany
Photo 2 in review by Melissa Kany
All American City Landscaping (Owner)
8 months ago
Thank you for taking the time
To write a review! We appreciate the opportunity working on your home and helping to bring your vision to life! Always here to help! Jack
Carla Peariso
Local Guide·9 reviews
a year ago
Jack grows The sweetest grapes, His work ethic is outstanding . Won't stop until the job's done right. One of the best in the business. I enjoyed every time we work together. Perfection
Patricia Barber
5 reviews
11 months ago
We have used All American for the better part of 14 years and are very pleased with the work they provide. They are reliable and do a good job. Most importantly they always show up!
❤️1
All American City Landscaping (Owner)
8 months ago
Thank you for your wonderful review! Our crew appreciates the kind words and our clients becoming longtime friends! Here to help! Jack
NANCY Rodine
13 reviews·1 photo
2 years ago
Jack did an amazing job placing our solid stone carved Buddha's on our steep backyard.
We are using his maintenance crew for our yard. They're pleasant and efficient, we're pleased with the service.
❤️1
All American City Landscaping (Owner)
8 months ago
Was great meeting you guys and placing your Buddhas. Added the perfect touch to your home! Always here to help- Jack
Sheila Berard
Local Guide·18 reviews
4 years ago
I wish I could recommend this business but, I cannot. The son did show up to look at project but, then never followed through. I know it's busy time of year for all of us (I'm in Real Estate) but, to not text, e-mail or call when I was … More
🙏1
Kelli Personius
1 review
6 years ago
We used All American City Landscaping for a rental home we manage, and we were very disappointed in their service. The lawn ended up dead, and for a couple of months we attempted to contact them to speak to them regarding the issue. After … More
🙏1
Danny Lee
2 reviews
5 years ago
If you are looking for disappointment and regrets then this is the contractor for you. Because that is what you will receive. I hired this outfit to terrace my yard and install garden area and steps. I sent them a drawing of what I wanted … More
Keith Marshall
Local Guide·16 reviews·1 photo
10 years ago
The workers are great and friendly, but the management is absolutely frustrating. Refuses to answer repeated calls, had to chase down a maintenence crew and have them call into their boss to get management to return calls and still no … More
🙏1
Penthip NaPombhejara
3 reviews
7 years ago
Jack has good visual for landscapes, he does amazing landscapes design, very creative. The maintenance crews are very polite and always do good work
Donald Schertz
3 reviews
9 years ago
I have been trying over 5 months for management to come out and give me a bid and he refuses to call back or show up. After over 20 phone calls I was forced to hire someone ells. I suggest don't even waste your time with all American city landscape. They have angered me to the point I consider them worthless. Don
🙏1
Angels Voice ASMR
Local Guide·14 reviews·63 photos
7 years ago
The prices are fair and the service is good. The final cost was spot on to the estimate. Good bunch of guys!!
Kevin Jones
Local Guide·101 reviews·57 photos
5 years ago
Never bothered to return my calls. No worry.
Matthew Humphrey
Local Guide·50 reviews·13 photos
9 years ago
Best in grants pass hands down in both maintenance and landscape installation
🙏2
Taylor Eskitgis
4 reviews
4 years ago
Don’t make the same mistake we did! Don’t use them!

Negative: … More
🙏2
Daralynn Londraville-Wagerle
Local Guide·82 reviews·6 photos
Edited 5 years ago
No comment for now..
Brad Krayer
Local Guide·16 reviews·1 photo
a year ago
Robert Snead
5 years ago
Rhonda Young
Local Guide·65 reviews·66 photos
8 years ago